Good Afternoon Sir, (wait till them allow you to seat)

Q Tell me about Yourself...?

Sure sir, My name is Gokul Madhukar Paithane.Its just that i born on the day of "Gokulashtami" so my parents kept my name as Gokul.
I am currently pursuing my C-DAC course from Sunbeam Infocom,Karad.
I basically belong from Vani,near Nashik. I have completed my schooling from "Pune Vidyarthi Griha" Its Nashik based orphan school.
I have Completed my diploma and Graduation in MEchanical Engineering, I have 8 months experience of working in Industrial Enginnering dept at"CEAT Tyres".
I was always fascinated by the works of CIVIL SERVENT,the diversity of work which associated with civil services like Mainenance of law and order,developmental work,disaster management,represinting india on international forum,administration,upliftment of marginalised sections of society etc .
Thats why i decided to study  GENERAL STUDIES because I truly believe in the knowledge and I think knowledge is the only way to gain power.  
I thought that now  i have good commands on engineering subjects as well as general studies like ECONOMY,ADMINISTRATION,Governance,Banking and share market and where could the knowledge of this subject will be useful.
Now I feel confident that I can withstand in this competitive corporate sector. After too much research, i got to know this glorifying course called cdac then i join cdac and enter into IT sector where i can apply my knowledge like if it is FINTECH industry there i need Banking and economy conceptual clarity.


Why should hire YOU??

Because I want platform to show my abilities and i think your company will provide me that.



Q What are your Strengths and Weakness?

I am quick learner and learn from mistakes.
I believe in human values.

I am Confident,hard worker.
I like to follow my schedule,woke up early and routine gym exercises to keep me healthy and fit .
I am good at making friends, i am good at convincing people.

Weakness
My handwriting 



 

Q What are your Hobbies?

I like to read newspaper.
When i have free time i visit my school hostel and have chat with childrens share outside  world view to them too face competition, guiding and teliing about future prospects.


Q Ok gokul, as u learn from ur mistake can u pls tell me three big mistakes u had up to this age......and what u learn from that ?????

Ya Sure Sir,

1.
When i was in hostel during my schooling days I was made as STORE MINISTER i took extra soap from store as i was minister of that dept i was having keys but when i realise that i took soap of another child who dont have soap for that month, i kept myself in his position and thinked about that, it was too wrong to have something which is not min.
Then i purchased one soap from shop and gave him.

2.During Schooling day only i was too arrogant and had ego because i was topper in school and used too argue with teachers, once math teacher took us for Science fest then i saw outside world competition and realise mistakes.

 

